Refactor/async await (#199)
ipfs/js-ipfs-repo: README.md

const repo = new Repo('path/to/repo')
```

#### `Promise repo.init ()`

Creates the necessary folder structure inside the repo.

#### `Promise repo.open ()`

[Locks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Record_locking) the repo to prevent conflicts arising from simultaneous access.

#### `Promise repo.close ()`

Unlocks the repo.

#### `Promise<boolean> repo.exists ()`

> Tells whether this repo exists or not. Returns a boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tells whether this repo exists or not. Returned promise resolves to a `boolean`.
```

### Repos

Root repo:

#### `Promise repo.put (key, value:Buffer)`

Put a value at the root of the repo.

* `key` can be a buffer, a string or a [Key](https://github.com/ipfs/interface-datastore#keys).

> #### `Promise<value> repo.get (key)`

Reviewer: It's always a buffer right?
```suggestion
#### `Promise<Buffer> repo.get (key)`
```

Instead of using `repo.set('config')` this exposes an API that allows you to set and get a decoded config object, as well as, in a safe manner, change any of the config values individually.

##### `Promise repo.config.set(key:string, value)`

Set a config value. `value` can be any object that is serializable to JSON.

* `key` is a string specifying the object path. Example:

```js
await repo.config.set('a.b.c', 'c value')
const config = await repo.config.get()
assert.equal(config.a.b.c, 'c value')
```

##### `Promise repo.config.set(value)`

Set the whole config value. `value` can be any object that is serializable to JSON.

> ##### `Promise<string> repo.config.get(key:string)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### `Promise<?> repo.config.get(key:string)`
```

> Get a config value. Returns the same type that was set before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a config value. Returned promise resolves to the same type that was set before.
```

* `key` is a string specifying the object path. Example:

```js
const value = await repo.config.get('a.b.c')
console.log('config.a.b.c = ', value)
```

##### `Promise<Object> repo.config.get()`

Get the entire config value.

#### `Promise<boolean> repo.config.exists()`

Whether the config sub-repo exists.

#### `repo.version`

##### `Promise<number> repo.version.get ()`

Gets the repo version (an integer).

##### `Promise repo.version.set (version:number)`

Sets the repo version

#### `repo.apiAddr`

#### `Promise<string> repo.apiAddr.get ()`

Gets the API address.

#### `Promise repo.apiAddr.set (value)`

Sets the API address.

* `value` should be a [Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/js-multiaddr) or a String representing a valid one.

### `Promise<Object> repo.stat ([options])`

Gets the repo status.

`options` is an object which might contain the key `human`, which is a boolean indicating whether or not the `repoSize` should be displayed in MiB or not.

> Returns an Object with the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returned promise resolves to an `Object` with the following keys:
```

You can also provide your own custom Lock. It must be an object with the following interface:

#### `Promise lock.lock (dir)`

Sets the lock if one does not already exist. If a lock already exists, should throw an error.

`dir` is a string to the directory the lock should be created at. The repo typically creates the lock at its root.

Returns `closer`, where `closer` has a `close` method for removing the lock.

##### `Promise closer.close ()`

Closes the lock created by `lock.open`

If no error was thrown, the lock was successfully removed.

#### `Promise<boolean> lock.locked (dir)`

Checks the existence of the lock.

`dir` is a string to the directory to check for the lock. The repo typically checks for the lock at its root.

> Returns a `boolean` indicating the existence of the lock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returned promise resolves to a `boolean` indicating the existence of the lock.
```
